Graded Quiz: Clustering
The objective of k-means clustering is: 

Separate dissimilar samples and group similar ones--correct


 Which option correctly orders the steps of k-means clustering? 
 
 Re-cluster the data points Choose k random observations to calculate each cluster’s mean Update centroid to take cluster mean Repeat until centroids are constant Calculate data point distance to centroids 

2, 5, 3, 1, 4--correct

Question 3 How can we gauge the performance of a k-means clustering model when ground truth is not available? 

Calculate the number of incorrectly classified observations in the training set. --incorrect
Determine the prediction accuracy on the test set.--incorrect
Take the average of the distance between data points and their cluster centroids.--correct


4. Question 4 When the parameter K for k-means clustering increases, what happens to the error?

It might increase or decrease depending on if data points are closer to the centroid. --incorrect
It will increase because incorrectly classified points are further from the correct centroid.--incorrect
It will decrease because distance between data points and centroid will decrease.--correct

5. Question 5 Which of the following is true for partition-based clustering but not hierarchical nor density-based clustering algorithms? 

Partition-based clustering can handle spatial clusters and noisy data.--incorrect
Partition-based clustering is a type of unsupervised learning algorithm. -- incorrect

Partition-based clustering produces sphere-like clusters. --correct


Question 1 Which of the following is not true about Machine Learning?
Machine learning gives computers the ability to make decision by writing down rules and methods and being explicitly programmed.

Question 2 Which of the following is not a Machine Learning technique?Heuristics

3. Question 3 Which of the following is true for Multiple Linear Regression?
Multiple independent variables are used to predict a dependent variable.

Which of the below is an example of a classification problem?
all the above

When is logistic regression more suitable than linear regression?
When we want the probability of a point belonging to a class. 

Which statement is FALSEabout k-means clustering?
As k-means is an iterative algorithm, it guarantees that it will always converge to the global optimum.

Which of the following statements is false for k-means clustering?
k-means clustering creates a tree of clusters

What is a hyperplane in SVM?
Classes--incorrect
Decision boundaries



In comparison to mean absolute error, mean squared error:
­Avoids cancellation of errors.--incorrect
Is more interpretable by taking the same unit as the response.



When are decision trees more suitable than regression trees?
Some of the independent variables are categorical.--incorrect
The dependent variable is categorical instead of continuous--correct



In which of the following would you use Multiple Linear Regression?
Recommend products to customers based on their demographic characteristics.--incorrect


Which of the following is an example of Logistic Regression?
all the above

Which of the following statements is true for k-means clustering?
all the aobve

k-means can be used for:
Detecting credit card fraud by identifying transaction outliers.




